fixed broken URLs in documentation (#30244)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/getting_started/examples_and_tutorials/examples/ex01_inputfile.md

## Next Steps

Although the Diffusion kernel is the only "physics" in the MOOSE framework, a large set of physics

> is included in the MOOSE [modules](https://mooseframework.inl.gov/modules/index.html).  In order to
> implement your own physics, you will need to understand the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is included in the MOOSE [modules](modules/index.md). In order to implement your own physics, you 
will need to understand the following:
```

Let's use the markdown links for this.
